\section{Diskussion}

(Einordnung, Interpretation und Bewertung der Erkenntnisse -- (nachvollziehbare, begr√ºndbare) Meinungen sind erlaubt) 

Some examples.  A paginated journal article \cite{Abril07}, an
enumerated journal article \cite{Cohen07}, a reference to an entire
issue \cite{JCohen96}, a monograph (whole book) \cite{Kosiur01}, a
monograph/whole book in a series (see 2a in spec. document)
\cite{Harel79}, a divisible-book such as an anthology or compilation
\cite{Editor00} followed by the same example, however we only output
the series if the volume number is given \cite{Editor00a} (so
Editor00a's series should NOT be present since it has no vol. no.),
a chapter in a divisible book \cite{Spector90}, a chapter in a
divisible book in a series \cite{Douglass98}, a multi-volume work as
book \cite{Knuth97}, a couple of articles in a proceedings (of a
conference, symposium, workshop for example) (paginated proceedings
article) \cite{Andler79, Hagerup1993}, a proceedings article with
all possible elements \cite{Smith10}, an example of an enumerated
proceedings article \cite{VanGundy07}, an informally published work
\cite{Harel78}, a couple of preprints \cite{Bornmann2019,
AnzarootPBM14}, a doctoral dissertation \cite{Clarkson85}, a
master's thesis: \cite{anisi03}, an online document / world wide web
resource \cite{Thornburg01, Ablamowicz07, Poker06}, a video game
(Case 1) \cite{Obama08} and (Case 2) \cite{Novak03} and \cite{Lee05}
and (Case 3) a patent \cite{JoeScientist001}, work accepted for
publication \cite{rous08}, 'YYYYb'-test for prolific author
\cite{SaeediMEJ10} and \cite{SaeediJETC10}. Other cites might
contain 'duplicate' DOI and URLs (some SIAM articles)
\cite{Kirschmer:2010:AEI:1958016.1958018}. Boris / Barbara Beeton:
multi-volume works as books \cite{MR781536} and \cite{MR781537}. A
couple of citations with DOIs:
\cite{2004:ITE:1009386.1010128,Kirschmer:2010:AEI:1958016.1958018}. Online
citations: \cite{TUGInstmem, Thornburg01, CTANacmart}. Artifacts:
\cite{R} and \cite{UMassCitations}.